resources/docs/1.4/admin/settings.md, before:

# Settings

Manage Eventmie Pro global settings here.

---

![Eventmie pro master settings](http://eventmie-pro-docs.test/images/20-admin-settings.jpg "Eventmie pro master settings")

---


- [Site <small>*(v1.3)*</small>](#Site)
- [SEO](#SEO)
- [Social](#Social)
- [Contact](#Contact)
- [Booking <small>*(v1.3)*</small>](#Booking)
- [Multi-Vendor](#Multi-Vendor)
- [Admin](#Admin)
- [Apps](#Apps)
- [Mail](#Mail)
- [Regional](#Regional)

<a name="Site"></a>
## Site

Setup website brand identity.


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Site Name|`text`|brand name|
|Site Slogan|`text`|Tagline|
|Site Logo|`image:jpg|jpeg|png`|Logo|
|Site Favicon|`image:jpg|jpeg|png`|Favicon/icon|
|Extra Footer Credits <small>*(v1.3)*</small>|`rich-text`|Change footer credits|



<a name="SEO"></a>
## SEO

Website SEO


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Meta Title|`text`|short title explaining your business|
|Meta Keywords|`text`|comma separated unique keywords that describe your website in-short|
|Meta Description|`text`|short description of your website|



<a name="Social"></a>
## Social

About your social-media existence.


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Facebook Page Username|`text`|Facebook page **username** only|
|Twitter Account Username|`text`|Twitter account **username** only|
|Instagram URL|`url`|Instagram profile **URL**|
|Linkedin URL|`url`|Linkedin profile/company **URL**|




<a name="Contact"></a>
## Contact

Contact details


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Address|`text`|office address|
|Phone|`number`|office phone number|
|Email|`email`|office email|
|Google Map Lat|`coordinates`|Google map coordinates **Lat** of your office address| 
|Google Map Long|`coordinates`|Google map coordinates **Long** of your office address| 




<a name="Booking"></a>
## Booking

Bookings & Events global settings.


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Pre Booking Time|`number`|total number of hours before, a customer can book an event|
|Pre Cancellation Time|`number`|total number of hours before, a customer can request Booking Cancellation|
|Hide Expired Events|`enable/disable`|Show/Hide expired events on event listing page|
|Max Ticket Qty Limit Per Order <small>*(v1.3)*</small>|`number`|Set Max ticket quantity limit to be purchased in a single order. WARNING: keep it under 100|
|Allow Offline Payment For Organizer <small>*(v1.3)*</small>|`enable/disable`|Enable/Disable offline payment method for Organizers|
|Allow Offline Payment For Customer <small>*(v1.3)*</small>|`enable/disable`|Enable/Disable offline payment method for Customers|

---

>{primary} Admin can always make a booking via the Offline Payment method.

---

<a name="Multi-Vendor"></a>
## Multi-Vendor

Switch between Multi-vendor mode

|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Multi Vendor|`enable/disable`|turn on or off the multi-vendor option|
|Admin Commission|`number`|set your commission in (%) percentage. (must be positive value)|
|Verify Email Before Login <small>*(v1.2)*</small>|`enable/disable`|If enabled, users will need to verify email after signup|
|Publish Event After Admin Approval <small>*(v1.2)*</small>|`enable/disable`|If enabled, event will go live only after Admin approval|



<a name="Admin"></a>
## Admin

Admin panel content settings


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Admin Background Image|`image:jpg,jpeg,png`|admin login page background image|
|Admin Title|`text`|admin login page title & header title|
|Admin Description|`text`|admin login page sub-title|
|Admin Loader|`image:jpg,jpeg,png`|admin login page sub-title|
|Admin Icon Image|`image:jpg,jpeg,png`|admin panel logo|







<a name="Apps"></a>
## Apps

External Apps credentials


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Google Client ID|`string`|Google OAuth client id|
|Google Client Secret|`string`|Google OAuth client secret|
|Google Map Key|`string`|Google Map Key|
|Facebook App Id|`string`|Facebook OAuth app id|
|Facebook App Secret|`string`|Facebook OAuth app secret|
|PayPal Client Id|`string`|Paypal client id (New Rest API)|
|PayPal Secret|`string`|Paypal secret (New Rest API)|
|PayPal Production Mode|`enable/disable`|Turn on/off production (real) mode payments|






<a name="Mail"></a>
## Mail

Mail sending configurations


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Mail Driver|`string`|Mail driver name e.g smtp|
|Mail Host|`string`|Mail host e.g 127.0.0.1|
|Mail Port|`string`|Mail Port e.g 1025|
|Mail Username|`string`|Mail Username e.g testuser|
|Mail Password|`string`|Mail Password e.g testpwd|
|Mail Encryption|`list`|disable, SSL, TLS|
|Mail Sender Email|`email`|Sender email e.g eventmie@classiebit.com|
|Mail Sender Name|`string`|Sender Name e.g Eventmie|






<a name="Regional"></a>
## Regional

Region-specific configurations.


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Timezone|`list`|Choose your region specific timezone|
|Currency|`list`|Choose your default currency|


<br>

---

#### Setting Default Timezone affects Events Date & Time that are storing in the database, they're converted accordingly.

- Suppose the default timezone is `America/Los_Angeles` and a customer visiting the site from `India/Kolkata`, then the customer will see the date & time according to `India/Kolkata` timezone

>{info} i.e Auto Timezone Conversion from `Server-side` to `Client-side` & vice versa.

---

> {success} Eventmie detects visitor's timezone and does all the conversions behind the scenes.

---

> {warning} Please read the guidelines provided below each setting, and follow exactly mentioned, or else it may break down your site.

Commit message:

complete admin panel settings & taxes

resources/docs/1.4/admin/settings.md, after:

# Settings

Let's first start by setting up Eventmie Pro global settings. We're starting from Admin Panel, so that we can set some initial data before moving on to front-end.

---

>{primary} To visit Settings, log in as Admin and then `Admin Panel -> Settings`

---

> {warning} Please read the guidelines provided below each setting, and follow exactly mentioned.


- [Site](#Site)
- [SEO](#SEO)
- [Social](#Social)
- [Contact](#Contact)
- [Booking](#Booking)
- [Multi-Vendor](#Multi-Vendor)
- [Admin](#Admin)
- [Apps](#Apps)
- [Mail](#Mail)
- [Regional](#Regional)

<a name="Site"></a>
## Site

Setup website brand identity.


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Site Name|`text`|brand name|
|Site Slogan|`text`|Tagline|
|Site Logo|`image:jpg|jpeg|png`|Logo|
|Site Favicon|`image:jpg|jpeg|png`|Favicon/icon|
|Extra Footer Credits|`rich-text`|Change footer credits|



<a name="SEO"></a>
## SEO

Set website's global SEO meta tags.


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Meta Title|`text`|short title explaining your business|
|Meta Keywords|`text`|comma separated unique keywords that describe your website in-short|
|Meta Description|`text`|short description of your website|



<a name="Social"></a>
## Social

About your social-media existence.


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Facebook Page Username|`text`|Facebook page **username** only|
|Twitter Account Username|`text`|Twitter account **username** only|
|Instagram URL|`url`|Instagram profile **URL**|
|Linkedin URL|`url`|Linkedin profile/company **URL**|




<a name="Contact"></a>
## Contact

Contact details


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Address|`text`|office address|
|Phone|`number`|office phone number|
|Email|`email`|office email|
|Google Map Lat|`coordinates`|Google map coordinates **Lat** of your office address| 
|Google Map Long|`coordinates`|Google map coordinates **Long** of your office address| 




<a name="Booking"></a>
## Booking

Bookings & Events global settings.


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Pre Booking Time|`number`|total number of hours before, a customer can book an event|
|Pre Cancellation Time|`number`|total number of hours before, a customer can request Booking Cancellation|
|Hide Expired Events|`enable/disable`|Show/Hide expired events on event listing page|
|Max Ticket Qty Limit Per Order|`number`|Set Max ticket quantity limit to be purchased in a single order. WARNING: keep it under 100|
|Allow Offline Payment For Organizer|`enable/disable`|Enable/Disable offline payment method for Organizers|
|Allow Offline Payment For Customer|`enable/disable`|Enable/Disable offline payment method for Customers|

---

>{primary} Admin can always make a booking via the Offline Payment method.

---

<a name="Multi-Vendor"></a>
## Multi-Vendor

Switch between Multi-vendor mode

|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Multi Vendor|`enable/disable`|turn on or off the multi-vendor option|
|Admin Commission|`number`|set your commission in (%) percentage. (must be positive value)|
|Verify Email Before Login|`enable/disable`|If enabled, users will need to verify email after signup|
|Publish Event After Admin Approval|`enable/disable`|If enabled, the event will go live only after Admin approval|



<a name="Admin"></a>
## Admin

Admin panel content settings


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Admin Background Image|`image:jpg,jpeg,png`|admin login page background image|
|Admin Title|`text`|admin login page title & header title|
|Admin Description|`text`|admin login page sub-title|
|Admin Loader|`image:jpg,jpeg,png`|admin login page sub-title|
|Admin Icon Image|`image:jpg,jpeg,png`|admin panel logo|







<a name="Apps"></a>
## Apps

External Apps credentials


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Google Client ID|`string`|Google OAuth client id|
|Google Client Secret|`string`|Google OAuth client secret|
|Google Map Key|`string`|Google Map Key|
|Facebook App Id|`string`|Facebook OAuth app id|
|Facebook App Secret|`string`|Facebook OAuth app secret|
|PayPal Client Id|`string`|Paypal client id (New Rest API)|
|PayPal Secret|`string`|Paypal secret (New Rest API)|
|PayPal Production Mode|`enable/disable`|Turn on/off production (real) mode payments|






<a name="Mail"></a>
## Mail

Mail sending configurations


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Mail Driver|`string`|Mail driver name e.g smtp|
|Mail Host|`string`|Mail host e.g 127.0.0.1|
|Mail Port|`string`|Mail Port e.g 1025|
|Mail Username|`string`|Mail Username e.g testuser|
|Mail Password|`string`|Mail Password e.g testpwd|
|Mail Encryption|`list`|disable, SSL, TLS|
|Mail Sender Email|`email`|Sender email e.g eventmie@classiebit.com|
|Mail Sender Name|`string`|Sender Name e.g Eventmie|






<a name="Regional"></a>
## Regional

Region-specific configurations.


|Setting Name|Type|Description|
|:-|:-|
|Timezone|`list`|Choose your region specific timezone|
|Currency|`list`|Choose your default currency|


<br>

#### Auto Timezone Conversion from Server-side to Client-side & vice versa.

- Suppose the default timezone is `America/Los_Angeles` and a customer visiting the website from `India/Kolkata`, then the customer will see the date & time according to `India/Kolkata` timezone.

    ---

    > {success} Eventmie Pro detects visitor's timezone and does all the conversions behind the scenes.

    ---
